China's real estate is a 62 trillion
dollar monster and ever Grande started
to break down and during its collapse it
was exposed how bad it really was I've
got something that's even bigger believe
it or not what we're experiencing right
now is bigger than what we have with
evergrand they had the halt ever Grand
stock they had to put it away keep it
under the rug so that you wouldn't find
out what was happening behind the scenes
and now we got something bigger I'm
going to show you all of that today I've
got the notes that you need to see I'm
going to show you the data and the
details so that you are informed and
then at the end we're going to learn
what we've got to do to not only during
these times Thrive and prosper okay
during this situation it isn't a time to
hide and go you know become a victim we
don't want that we want to be educated
we want to be informed I'm going to
bring you those details today the first
thing that we need to look at is the
local local government debt this is
extremely important everything in China
Works on the local levels okay some of
that's managed from the very top but
when we're talking about all the
different calculations and the way that
they disperse things this comes on the
local level they do this because you got
1.4 billion people you can't exactly
manage and micromanage so you do this
from a local level but that local
government has an issue and we're going
to break that down today we're going to
talk about the dollarization and what's
been happening there I also need to
highlight the geopolitical aspects and
what about the Tit for Tat coming in
with the USA big issues the first thing
I want to look at is what's going on
with the economy a lot right you've seen
it before where you have China's July
exports and imports contract faster than
expected so this was originally brought
to my attention by by one of the
subscribers and I want to show this to
you you got shipments falling 14.5
percent Imports down 12.4 percent as
demand shrinks at home and abroad
usually you call that a recession but
today we don't have that term anymore
apparently so this is what we've got we
got definitely uh waning demand and the
economy seems to be slowing down right
that's one thing what about this
biblical flooding in Beijing after
heaviest rain in 140 years 800
000 people forced to relocate in and
around Beijing okay so there are
problems that are going on from natural
disasters they've got the issues with
the economy in general that's it I
wanted to show you this now
because I'm trying to highlight the fact
that this has been going on for a while
there are so many other things not just
like one thing or ever Grant is a
problem no you you've got a lot of
things and so here we are we're going to
talk about this death circumstance
China's hidden debt problem laid bare in
a city that's half finished roads it's
empty Flats you can look at it for
yourself just like the others of ordos
and all these other cities that have
been around you've seen the pictures in
the videos I'm sure but basically it's
the same scenario where they built all
these empty cities nobody's living them
in them and they're hoping they were
hoping anyway that people will move out
of the rural areas into these cities
eventually they just build way too much
and then we got into the circumstance of
2020 and now you don't have enough
people moving in and this is an issue
you don't have the development there a
lot of those developments have stopped
they started to knock down all these
buildings or some of the buildings
there's a big problem going on with not
just ever Grant I'm going to show you
another company that I had brought up
during that time frame that is in some
serious circumstance that's why because
that company has defaulted multiple
times
multiple times they are not paying back
those they owe money to do you do you
think that's a concern I certainly do I
want to know from you right now in the
comment section what you expect to
happen with China's real estate is it
actually going to collapse you know
specifically that the government cannot
bail out trillions and trillions of
dollars worth it's not possible so how
are they going to fix it well we'll talk
about that here momentarily
the most worrisome thing that's going on
in real estate right now according to
Goldman Sachs is surging local
government debt levels that the leader
of China they've or their you know the
henchmen have done their best to hide
the default troubles at the globe's most
indebted property development seem like
small Embers compared to the 8.2
trillion dollars worth of local
government financing Vehicles
outstanding and that's just the lgfvs
that we know of this is coming from
Forbes we're not getting this from some
random website or off the top of my head
I'm bringing you the details from as
many different I'm giving you all the
sources and then of course I want you to
be able to understand these things and
these Concepts this is the main focus
for this video you need to understand
you're talking about 8.2 trillion
dollars 8.2 trillion dollars
as well as the defaults that have come
on top of this you know that there is a
big concern let's look further in as you
can see the data provided here uh
Goldman has it clearly the tally is
higher now this was back in 2020 10
months ago the shadowy investment
schemes had reached 53 trillion you want
up from 16 trillion that is 2.47
trillion dollars in 2013. so you could
see that it's really multiplying over
the last decade the amount to roughly 52
percent of China's gross domestic
products so 52 of China's economy is it
this size I mean just try to think how
could they possibly bail that out
how well they'll just bail it out I mean
you gotta think for a second like put
your one foot when you're walking you're
putting one foot in front of the other
or else you're gonna fall flat on your
face but when their people are out there
and they just say things well then you
know you're making yourself a fool if
you don't realize that this right here
can't just be bailed out okay like a
traditional bailout hey will will help
the lenders here we'll help them there
that's why China has yet to resolve this
crisis there is no resolution yet we
know that and that is an absolute fact
here at this time in other words as
scary as the 300 billion dollar ever
Grand Story might be the government has
made much bigger problems they've got
much bigger problems on their hands the
most acute keeping GDP this year from
falling too far below the six percent
that Beijing hoped to produce without
adding to the nation's bubble troubles I
I don't understand how they're going to
do that good luck to them on that but
that's where we are at the forces behind
local governments sitting on financing
vehicle that worth twice the size of
Germany's GDP they back to 2008 even
before Lehman Brothers
they encourage Municipal borrowing
binges the way local officials got
attention in Beijing Rose the national
Province prominence was producing above
average GDP rates so how does it work
you got all these local levels right oh
you got to produce in your local area
okay no worries boss we're gonna build
up oh we don't have enough money no no
come on let's figure something out let's
get the money coming in don't worry
don't worry and then 20 20 hits 2020
everything stops you can't do you can't
do anything there's no money coming in
and you're not allowed to produce oh we
got a problem now and so that's where
we're at because they were being told
you got to get your economy to go on
fire local government local government
local government but they literally
couldn't 2020 stopped everything for
them
this has been devastating no question
you've got eight trillion dollars worth
of this stuff that is essentially Under
Fire right here and now so that's what
we're looking at
inside of China you're we have more a
bearish research report on Chinese banks
by Goldman Sachs has drawn rare
rebuttals from the state-owned newspaper
uh in three parts this uh particular
thing here Goldman argued that the
lender's exposure to a prolonged
property downturn and local government
debt will lead to non-performing loan
losses and shrinking profit margins and
thus threaten the ability to pay
dividends the country's biggest banks
with shares have held up well this year
sank after the publication well of
course there is concern here I hope you
get what I'm saying I think this is
extremely important front and center the
whole real estate market in China 62
trillion dollars you've got these local
government financing Vehicles that's 8.2
trillion dollars doesn't mean all 8.2
trillion have to fail uh it could be
just a small portion and for it to be a
big crisis they're already having big
issues big ones but some out there say
hey no worries China's economic recovery
is on track everything's great until you
look at the actual details part of
China's problems are not in China it's
the world China is the producer of the
world and they are trying to get their
stuff out there and what the other
countries are saying nah we don't really
need it and so that's an issue for China
China's real estate market roiled by
default fears again as Country Garden
Spooks investors I had brought up
Country Garden previously and here it is
again it's not done it isn't one of the
largest non-state owned developers by
sales has reportedly missed two not just
one but two coupon payments on dollar
bonds that were due on Sunday there you
go so of course
this is just part of it they're not
paying for them okay so the dollar ones
the foreigners they're paying internally
inside of China but when it comes to
outside not happening and so this is a
concern obviously if they continue to do
this you're defaulting you're not paying
back you're not paying back your debts
that's a problem you can cover it up you
can say well no no we're just not going
to bring that into Media or yeah well
only it doesn't count because it's
foreign you could close down all these
stocks Evergreen stock shut down that
doesn't resolve the problem you are not
bailing it out technically you've
basically just you know put a timer in
between when the the now and that crisis
eventually happening they're not
resolving it so I don't understand how
this is going to be fixed but hey here
we go
all right supply and demand problem
isn't unique to their dimension in a
particular City this area it isn't even
unique uh because in the province of the
province across China evidence is
pointed to the danger of property bubble
and it's been easy to find one reason
for the rampant real estate speculation
has been the lack of other options for
investment the Boom in real estate drove
house prices Out Of Reach for ordinary
families in many big cities the
government's response was to cap the
number of flats any person could buy and
so you know how that works obviously
didn't resolve anything
and so here we are okay big issues with
real estate 62 trillion dollars we got
the 8.2 trillion that is
um 8.2 trillion being you know within
the local government financing Vehicles
so like imagine think of like you know
what we saw with mortgage-backed
Securities all these different things
um it's it's like a derivative
essentially of what we can see big
issues no question here we have Chinese
ghost town of mansions being reclaimed
by Farmers I thought it was interesting
to show you here and they basically just
use the land all around these Mansions
as they fall apart around them they've
got problems look the next aspect is the
dollarization the dollarization is an
issue as you look at the both the
long-term trends that we're seeing uh
this is not something that's going to
happen overnight there have been
developments but I'll show you that as
well as the setbacks setbacks are a
problem
uh within China and the other nations
they don't necessarily want that to
happen but here we go and I'll show you
Bolivia challenges the global dollar
dominance with the Chinese you want and
Russian Ruble so they want to use this
developing countries want to use an
alternative to the US dollar we've made
that clear the US Dollar on the other
hand is Argentina the U.S dollar soared
almost five thousand percent versus
Argentina's peso over the last decade as
the country faces debt and inflation
crisis that's fueling costs for the
nation to dump the peso and adopt the
Greenback itself as its currency and so
it wouldn't be able to cut Reliance from
the US dollars what they're saying this
is something interesting that they
wouldn't be the only country to do that
a lot of countries actually use the US
dollar as their own or or use it in
parallel
um that's something that's there's no
question about this the whole world
loves dollars you can go anywhere and
get those dollars Okay so
um I think it's important right now that
we look at all this information you
realize that there's a lot going on a
lot of different points if you want to
know about all this stuff hit that like
button because when you do you are more
likely to see these videos up in your
recommended feed and that is really key
okay I want you to subscribe to the
channel here don't forget about that 280
000 plus people here from all around the
world fantastic community of people how
the global self is challenging US dollar
dominance the one that I wanted to
mention in addition to the bricks is
Saudi Arabia potentially joining into
the bricks we will see what happens it
may not be like a core member they might
have like a sort of an Outer Circle and
we're going to see that here in August
if you subscribe to the channel each
moment of this I'm going to be
highlighting this is one going to be
some of the biggest news of 2023 you've
got to know what's going on because that
may impact what's happening with China
as well you know beyond that
geopolitically let's talk about it real
quick uh this is important stuff as you
can look at in Europe right now being
stuck big time they've got their issues
for multiple reasons but uh as it
relates to China we're going to talk
about that as well as U.S China the back
and forth has been
unbelievable to see how long this has
been going on number one thing here
Europe faces difficult decade against
the US and China and the one thing that
they're mentioning in this is related to
electric vehicles because why hey if
China is going to make uh these small
Vehicles they like kind of the same type
of vehicle very small compact fuel
efficient and so on you know gas is
extremely expensive in Europe so fuel
efficiency is important
um and so they're going to provide them
hey if they're going to do it at half
the cost people in Europe are going to
buy that that's a simple matter of fact
right so that's the problem with Europe
but at the same time Europe has
geopolitically has this problem between
kind of not being too friendly to China
but not Hayden on China because they
need China so it's a real uh terrible
scenario for for Europe and then we have
this HSBC executive slams weak UK for
backing us against China saying hey you
can't do this you don't be like that and
so on and then we have China imposing
new export restrictions on gallium and
germanium this is part of uh you know
this back and forth this Tit for Tat
that's going on between China and the US
there's a lot happening in China
actually has a lot to lose in the
circumstance here because they need the
insatiable appetite for what China
produces but at the same time they're
playing this game is back and forth so
big concerns all around and of course
what you got to do what can you do
during this scenario are you just gonna
stand there and take it are you going to
be a victim are you that part of that
well in this community we don't do that
we talk about what we can do to thrive
what we can do to not just survive but
actually prosper and one of those things
having geographical diversification
because I think it's important people
get it into their heads
um
when you have geographical
diversification this is something that
most people don't and so you're going to
have Assets in different places or
you're going to have income coming in
from different places and that's
important I talk about this in the
Discord which you are able to and of
course all the time on my mentorship
group but if you want free stuff that's
available on the Discord absolutely link
is in the description and you got just
basically having assets or businesses in
different places where people are moving
in you don't want where there's
demographics issues you don't want to
have a business that you're going to
operate in a place where people are
moving out there's an aging population
businesses are leaving like that's not
good you've got to be honest with
yourself and realize what's happening
and that's how we position ourselves
there's a lot to it but at least we're
going to position ourselves for strength
and growth now I want to show you real
real quick right here comment of the day
from Gene Vargas 1903 it's debt for
stating yes that's right it's
devastating I wanted to thank everybody
for your comments I love seeing them and
now I'm going to highlight them if I can
in each video I really love doing this
uh something that I have been doing
since very the you know day one uh
replying to comments so I want to
highlight those in the video thank you
for your comments and of course if you
haven't already join the Discord which
now the amount of people that are
joining us unbelievable we're well over
a thousand people in the Discord this is
a community built around not being
victimized not doing you know what what
others will do and just simply try to
scare you into things this is about
education this is about learning and I'm
going to provide as much of that for
free as possible check out the Discord
and you will see what I'm talking about
link is in the description I'll see you
there